Please check out the test example O20 before attempting a fission or collisions simulation.  What will be detailed here are additional requirements for running these simulations beyond a standard TDSLDA run.

README Static
To run the static solver include the following files in your run directory:
	dens_n.cwr, dens_p.cwr, constr.cwr (for fission) - the densities files.  For collisions it is recommended you prepare two nuclei from an auxiliary HFB static code in coordinate space (Sky3D, hfbtho).  For fission prepare a nuclei using similar solvers at a fixed deformation and save the following three deformations onto the binary file constr.cwr: the dipole, quadrupole, and octupole moments as doubles.
	input_file.txt - the input file (see manuscripts for specifics).
	myjob.lsf - the job script. 
	lise-static - the executable. Compile the code in the LISE-SLDAsolver folder to create.

Then (depending on the system) use the command bsub myjob.lsf.  Note: depending on the system some modules might have to be loaded ahead of time.

The following outputs will be created:
	wf_p.cwr, wf_n.cwr - wf files (see manuscript for specific format).
	info.slda_solver - contains information related to lattice for td code.
	238U.out - static solver output file (name is arbitrary and chosen by the user in the myjob.lsf file).

README TD
To run the time dependent code include the following files in your run directory:
	wf_p.cwr, wf_n.cwr - wf files (see manuscript for specific format).
	info.slda_solver - contains information related to lattice for td code.
	myjob.lsf - the job script (see manuscript for explanation of flags). 
	lise-tdslda-gpu - the executable. Compile the code in the LISE-SLDAsolver folder to create.  For collisions define the ifdef EXTBOOST in the vars.h file.

Then (depending on the system) use the command bsub myjob.lsf.  Note: depending on the system some modules might have to be loaded ahead of time.

	The following outputs will be created:
	wf_p.cwr, wf_n.cwr - final time wf files.
	dens_all_n.dat.x, dens_all_n.dat.p - density files at every 10 timesteps (number may be modified).
	results_td.dat - results file (see manuscript to see what quantities are computed).
	236U_TD.out - time dependent output file (name is arbitrary and chosen by the user in the myjob_TD.lsf file).

